dart/pkg/args/README.md, before:

Parses raw command-line arguments into a set of options and values.

This library supports [GNU][] and [POSIX][] style options, and it works
in both server-side and client-side apps.

## Defining options

First create an [ArgParser][]:

    var parser = new ArgParser();

Then define a set of options on that parser using [addOption()][addOption] and
[addFlag()][addFlag]. Here's the minimal way to create an option named "name":

    parser.addOption('name');

When an option can only be set or unset (as opposed to taking a string value),
use a flag:

    parser.addFlag('name');

Flag options, by default, accept a 'no-' prefix to negate the option. You can
disable the 'no-' prefix using the `negatable` parameter:

    parser.addFlag('name', negatable: false);

*Note:* From here on out, "option" refers to both regular options and flags. In
cases where the distinction matters, we'll use "non-flag option."

Options can have an optional single-character abbreviation, specified with the
`abbr` parameter:

    parser.addOption('mode', abbr: 'm');
    parser.addFlag('verbose', abbr: 'v');

Options can also have a default value, specified with the `defaultsTo`
parameter. The default value is used when arguments don't specify the option.

    parser.addOption('mode', defaultsTo: 'debug');
    parser.addFlag('verbose', defaultsTo: false);

The default value for non-flag options can be any string. For flags, it must
be a `bool`.

To validate a non-flag option, you can use the `allowed` parameter to provide an
allowed set of values. When you do, the parser throws a [FormatException] if the
value for an option is not in the allowed set. Here's an example of specifying
allowed values:

    parser.addOption('mode', allowed: ['debug', 'release']);

You can use the `callback` parameter to associate a function with an option.
Later, when parsing occurs, the callback function is invoked with the value of
the option:

    parser.addOption('mode', callback: (mode) => print('Got mode $mode'));
    parser.addFlag('verbose', callback: (verbose) {
      if (verbose) print('Verbose');
    });

The callbacks for all options are called whenever a set of arguments is parsed.
If an option isn't provided in the args, its callback is passed the default
value, or `null` if no default value is set.

## Parsing arguments

Once you have an [ArgParser][] set up with some options and flags, you use it by
calling [ArgParser.parse()][parse] with a set of arguments:

    var results = parser.parse(['some', 'command', 'line', 'args']);

These arguments usually come from the arguments to `main()`, but you can pass in
any list of strings. The `parse()` method returns an instance of [ArgResults][],
a map-like object that contains the values of the parsed options.

    var parser = new ArgParser();
    parser.addOption('mode');
    parser.addFlag('verbose', defaultsTo: true);
    var results = parser.parse(['--mode', 'debug', 'something', 'else']);

    print(results['mode']); // debug
    print(results['verbose']); // true

By default, the `parse()` method stops as soon as it reaches `--` by itself or
anything that the parser doesn't recognize as an option, flag, or option value.
If arguments still remain, they go into [ArgResults.rest][rest].

    print(results.rest); // ['something', 'else']

To continue to parse options found after non-option arguments, pass
`allowTrailingOptions: true` when creating the [ArgParser][].

## Specifying options

To actually pass in options and flags on the command line, use GNU or POSIX
style. Consider this option:

    parser.addOption('name', abbr: 'n');

You can specify its value on the command line using any of the following:

    --name=somevalue
    --name somevalue
    -nsomevalue
    -n somevalue

Consider this flag:

    parser.addFlag('name', abbr: 'n');

You can set it to true using one of the following:

    --name
    -n

You can set it to false using the following:

    --no-name

Multiple flag abbreviations can be collapsed into a single argument. Say you
define these flags:

    parser.addFlag('verbose', abbr: 'v');
    parser.addFlag('french', abbr: 'f');
    parser.addFlag('iambic-pentameter', abbr: 'i');

You can set all three flags at once:

    -vfi

By default, an option has only a single value, with later option values
overriding earlier ones; for example:

    var parser = new ArgParser();
    parser.addOption('mode');
    var results = parser.parse(['--mode', 'on', '--mode', 'off']);
    print(results['mode']); // prints 'off'

If you need multiple values, set the `allowMultiple` parameter. In that case the
option can occur multiple times, and the `parse()` method returns a list of
values:

    var parser = new ArgParser();
    parser.addOption('mode', allowMultiple: true);
    var results = parser.parse(['--mode', 'on', '--mode', 'off']);
    print(results['mode']); // prints '[on, off]'

## Defining commands ##

In addition to *options*, you can also define *commands*. A command is a named
argument that has its own set of options. For example, consider this shell
command:

    $ git commit -a

The executable is `git`, the command is `commit`, and the `-a` option is an
option passed to the command. You can add a command using the [addCommand][]
method:

    var parser = new ArgParser();
    var command = parser.addCommand('commit');

It returns another [ArgParser][], which you can then use to define options
specific to that command. If you already have an [ArgParser][] for the command's
options, you can pass it in:

    var parser = new ArgParser();
    var command = new ArgParser();
    parser.addCommand('commit', command);

The [ArgParser][] for a command can then define options or flags:

    command.addFlag('all', abbr: 'a');

You can add multiple commands to the same parser so that a user can select one
from a range of possible commands. When parsing an argument list, you can then
determine which command was entered and what options were provided for it.

    var results = parser.parse(['commit', '-a']);
    print(results.command.name);   // "commit"
    print(results.command['all']); // true

Options for a command must appear after the command in the argument list. For
example, given the above parser, `"git -a commit"` is *not* valid. The parser
tries to find the right-most command that accepts an option. For example:

    var parser = new ArgParser();
    parser.addFlag('all', abbr: 'a');
    var command = parser.addCommand('commit');
    command.addFlag('all', abbr: 'a');

    var results = parser.parse(['commit', '-a']);
    print(results.command['all']); // true

Here, both the top-level parser and the `"commit"` command can accept a `"-a"`
(which is probably a bad command line interface, admittedly). In that case, when
`"-a"` appears after `"commit"`, it is applied to that command. If it appears to
the left of `"commit"`, it is given to the top-level parser.

## Displaying usage

You can automatically generate nice help text, suitable for use as the output of
`--help`. To display good usage information, you should provide some help text
when you create your options.

To define help text for an entire option, use the `help:` parameter:

    parser.addOption('mode', help: 'The compiler configuration',
        allowed: ['debug', 'release']);
    parser.addFlag('verbose', help: 'Show additional diagnostic info');

For non-flag options, you can also provide detailed help for each expected value
by using the `allowedHelp:` parameter:

    parser.addOption('arch', help: 'The architecture to compile for',
        allowedHelp: {
          'ia32': 'Intel x86',
          'arm': 'ARM Holding 32-bit chip'
        });

To display the help, use the [getUsage()][getUsage] method:

    print(parser.getUsage());

The resulting string looks something like this:

    --mode            The compiler configuration
                      [debug, release]

    --[no-]verbose    Show additional diagnostic info
    --arch            The architecture to compile for

          [arm]       ARM Holding 32-bit chip
          [ia32]      Intel x86

To assist the formatting of the usage help, single-line help text is followed by
a single new line. Options with multi-line help text are followed by two new
lines. This provides spatial diversity between options.

[posix]: http://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/009695399/basedefs/xbd_chap12.html#tag_12_02
[gnu]: http://www.gnu.org/prep/standards/standards.html#Command_002dLine-Interfaces
[ArgParser]: https://api.dartlang.org/apidocs/channels/stable/dartdoc-viewer/args/args.ArgParser
[ArgResults]: https://api.dartlang.org/apidocs/channels/stable/dartdoc-viewer/args/args.ArgResults
[addOption]: https://api.dartlang.org/apidocs/channels/stable/dartdoc-viewer/args/args.ArgParser#id_addOption
[addFlag]: https://api.dartlang.org/apidocs/channels/stable/dartdoc-viewer/args/args.ArgParser#id_addFlag
[parse]: https://api.dartlang.org/apidocs/channels/stable/dartdoc-viewer/args/args.ArgParser#id_parse
[rest]: https://api.dartlang.org/apidocs/channels/stable/dartdoc-viewer/args/args.ArgResults#id_rest
[addCommand]: https://api.dartlang.org/apidocs/channels/stable/dartdoc-viewer/args/args.ArgParser#id_addCommand
[getUsage]: https://api.dartlang.org/apidocs/channels/stable/dartdoc-viewer/args/args.ArgParser#id_getUsage

Commit message:

Allow defining a help string for an option's parameter value.
BUG= https://code.google.com/p/dart/issues/detail?id=5201
R=nweiz@google.com

Review URL: https://codereview.chromium.org//363083002

git-svn-id: https://dart.googlecode.com/svn/branches/bleeding_edge@38047 260f80e4-7a28-3924-810f-c04153c831b5

dart/pkg/args/README.md, after:

Parses raw command-line arguments into a set of options and values.

This library supports [GNU][] and [POSIX][] style options, and it works
in both server-side and client-side apps.

## Defining options

First create an [ArgParser][]:

    var parser = new ArgParser();

Then define a set of options on that parser using [addOption()][addOption] and
[addFlag()][addFlag]. Here's the minimal way to create an option named "name":

    parser.addOption('name');

When an option can only be set or unset (as opposed to taking a string value),
use a flag:

    parser.addFlag('name');

Flag options, by default, accept a 'no-' prefix to negate the option. You can
disable the 'no-' prefix using the `negatable` parameter:

    parser.addFlag('name', negatable: false);

*Note:* From here on out, "option" refers to both regular options and flags. In
cases where the distinction matters, we'll use "non-flag option."

Options can have an optional single-character abbreviation, specified with the
`abbr` parameter:

    parser.addOption('mode', abbr: 'm');
    parser.addFlag('verbose', abbr: 'v');

Options can also have a default value, specified with the `defaultsTo`
parameter. The default value is used when arguments don't specify the option.

    parser.addOption('mode', defaultsTo: 'debug');
    parser.addFlag('verbose', defaultsTo: false);

The default value for non-flag options can be any string. For flags, it must
be a `bool`.

To validate a non-flag option, you can use the `allowed` parameter to provide an
allowed set of values. When you do, the parser throws a [FormatException] if the
value for an option is not in the allowed set. Here's an example of specifying
allowed values:

    parser.addOption('mode', allowed: ['debug', 'release']);

You can use the `callback` parameter to associate a function with an option.
Later, when parsing occurs, the callback function is invoked with the value of
the option:

    parser.addOption('mode', callback: (mode) => print('Got mode $mode'));
    parser.addFlag('verbose', callback: (verbose) {
      if (verbose) print('Verbose');
    });

The callbacks for all options are called whenever a set of arguments is parsed.
If an option isn't provided in the args, its callback is passed the default
value, or `null` if no default value is set.

## Parsing arguments

Once you have an [ArgParser][] set up with some options and flags, you use it by
calling [ArgParser.parse()][parse] with a set of arguments:

    var results = parser.parse(['some', 'command', 'line', 'args']);

These arguments usually come from the arguments to `main()`, but you can pass in
any list of strings. The `parse()` method returns an instance of [ArgResults][],
a map-like object that contains the values of the parsed options.

    var parser = new ArgParser();
    parser.addOption('mode');
    parser.addFlag('verbose', defaultsTo: true);
    var results = parser.parse(['--mode', 'debug', 'something', 'else']);

    print(results['mode']); // debug
    print(results['verbose']); // true

By default, the `parse()` method stops as soon as it reaches `--` by itself or
anything that the parser doesn't recognize as an option, flag, or option value.
If arguments still remain, they go into [ArgResults.rest][rest].

    print(results.rest); // ['something', 'else']

To continue to parse options found after non-option arguments, pass
`allowTrailingOptions: true` when creating the [ArgParser][].

## Specifying options

To actually pass in options and flags on the command line, use GNU or POSIX
style. Consider this option:

    parser.addOption('name', abbr: 'n');

You can specify its value on the command line using any of the following:

    --name=somevalue
    --name somevalue
    -nsomevalue
    -n somevalue

Consider this flag:

    parser.addFlag('name', abbr: 'n');

You can set it to true using one of the following:

    --name
    -n

You can set it to false using the following:

    --no-name

Multiple flag abbreviations can be collapsed into a single argument. Say you
define these flags:

    parser.addFlag('verbose', abbr: 'v');
    parser.addFlag('french', abbr: 'f');
    parser.addFlag('iambic-pentameter', abbr: 'i');

You can set all three flags at once:

    -vfi

By default, an option has only a single value, with later option values
overriding earlier ones; for example:

    var parser = new ArgParser();
    parser.addOption('mode');
    var results = parser.parse(['--mode', 'on', '--mode', 'off']);
    print(results['mode']); // prints 'off'

If you need multiple values, set the `allowMultiple` parameter. In that case the
option can occur multiple times, and the `parse()` method returns a list of
values:

    var parser = new ArgParser();
    parser.addOption('mode', allowMultiple: true);
    var results = parser.parse(['--mode', 'on', '--mode', 'off']);
    print(results['mode']); // prints '[on, off]'

## Defining commands ##

In addition to *options*, you can also define *commands*. A command is a named
argument that has its own set of options. For example, consider this shell
command:

    $ git commit -a

The executable is `git`, the command is `commit`, and the `-a` option is an
option passed to the command. You can add a command using the [addCommand][]
method:

    var parser = new ArgParser();
    var command = parser.addCommand('commit');

It returns another [ArgParser][], which you can then use to define options
specific to that command. If you already have an [ArgParser][] for the command's
options, you can pass it in:

    var parser = new ArgParser();
    var command = new ArgParser();
    parser.addCommand('commit', command);

The [ArgParser][] for a command can then define options or flags:

    command.addFlag('all', abbr: 'a');

You can add multiple commands to the same parser so that a user can select one
from a range of possible commands. When parsing an argument list, you can then
determine which command was entered and what options were provided for it.

    var results = parser.parse(['commit', '-a']);
    print(results.command.name);   // "commit"
    print(results.command['all']); // true

Options for a command must appear after the command in the argument list. For
example, given the above parser, `"git -a commit"` is *not* valid. The parser
tries to find the right-most command that accepts an option. For example:

    var parser = new ArgParser();
    parser.addFlag('all', abbr: 'a');
    var command = parser.addCommand('commit');
    command.addFlag('all', abbr: 'a');

    var results = parser.parse(['commit', '-a']);
    print(results.command['all']); // true

Here, both the top-level parser and the `"commit"` command can accept a `"-a"`
(which is probably a bad command line interface, admittedly). In that case, when
`"-a"` appears after `"commit"`, it is applied to that command. If it appears to
the left of `"commit"`, it is given to the top-level parser.

## Displaying usage

You can automatically generate nice help text, suitable for use as the output of
`--help`. To display good usage information, you should provide some help text
when you create your options.

To define help text for an entire option, use the `help:` parameter:

    parser.addOption('mode', help: 'The compiler configuration',
        allowed: ['debug', 'release']);
    parser.addFlag('verbose', help: 'Show additional diagnostic info');

For non-flag options, you can also provide a help string for the parameter:

    parser.addOption('out', help: 'The output path', helpValue: 'path',
        allowed: ['debug', 'release']);

For non-flag options, you can also provide detailed help for each expected value
by using the `allowedHelp:` parameter:

    parser.addOption('arch', help: 'The architecture to compile for',
        allowedHelp: {
          'ia32': 'Intel x86',
          'arm': 'ARM Holding 32-bit chip'
        });

To display the help, use the [getUsage()][getUsage] method:

    print(parser.getUsage());

The resulting string looks something like this:

    --mode            The compiler configuration
                      [debug, release]

    --out=<path>      The output path
    --[no-]verbose    Show additional diagnostic info
    --arch            The architecture to compile for
          [arm]       ARM Holding 32-bit chip
          [ia32]      Intel x86

[posix]: http://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/009695399/basedefs/xbd_chap12.html#tag_12_02
[gnu]: http://www.gnu.org/prep/standards/standards.html#Command_002dLine-Interfaces
[ArgParser]: https://api.dartlang.org/apidocs/channels/stable/dartdoc-viewer/args/args.ArgParser
[ArgResults]: https://api.dartlang.org/apidocs/channels/stable/dartdoc-viewer/args/args.ArgResults
[addOption]: https://api.dartlang.org/apidocs/channels/stable/dartdoc-viewer/args/args.ArgParser#id_addOption
[addFlag]: https://api.dartlang.org/apidocs/channels/stable/dartdoc-viewer/args/args.ArgParser#id_addFlag
[parse]: https://api.dartlang.org/apidocs/channels/stable/dartdoc-viewer/args/args.ArgParser#id_parse
[rest]: https://api.dartlang.org/apidocs/channels/stable/dartdoc-viewer/args/args.ArgResults#id_rest
[addCommand]: https://api.dartlang.org/apidocs/channels/stable/dartdoc-viewer/args/args.ArgParser#id_addCommand
[getUsage]: https://api.dartlang.org/apidocs/channels/stable/dartdoc-viewer/args/args.ArgParser#id_getUsage
